this recipe is going to blow your mind
this is the easiest and fastest way to
make the most amazing bakery style bread
golden crispy crust soft on the inside
there is no kneading there's no proofing
of the dough nothing this is that no
need bread that people start the night
before usually it takes like 18 20 22
hours to make this one is so much faster
you can make it the day that you want it
and it could not be any easier there's
hardly any work to do at all so the
recipe is very simple it takes 3 cups of
flour and you can use all-purpose flour
you can use bread flour I have never
seen the difference it's pretty much the
same with either one you put in only a
quarter teaspoon of yeast no more again
a fast-acting yeast regular use doesn't
matter just a quarter teaspoon of yeast
into the bowl and one teaspoon of salt
okay for flavor now we'll stir it up
just a little bit and now we're going to
add one and a half cups of very hot
water now the difference is when you do
that overnight rise that takes hours and
hours and hours you use cold water but
by using the hot water this makes it
happen so much faster because I am such
a bread person and if I can have bread
faster I'm on it so it doesn't take too
much you see it's a it's it's a very
different kind of a recipe you know
because it's a sticky kind of stringy
they call it shaggy
kind of a dough but and I've also done
this with a hundred percent whole wheat
which is my favorite it makes a
beautiful whole wheat loaf but you can
do all you can make olive bread with
this you can make your own combination
it's such a flexible dough okay so
that's it
it's all mixed together and so now what
you do is you wrap it with plastic some
kind of plastic wrap okay and you're
gonna let this sit on the counter top
not in a warm spot but on the counter
top for three hours so three hours four
hours five hours it doesn't matter
that's how easy this is this dough is
very forgiving unlike some people I know
so I washed this baseball I thought it
wasn't dirty apparently some guy wrote
on it
I said I was sorry moving on so this
sits for three hours I did another one
earlier so I can show you what its gonna
look like after three hours and it
becomes kind of a bubbly on the top see
that it puffs up like it's almost
doubled in size it becomes puffy on the
top but watch this see this is how its
kind of soft like that and that's normal
okay so now what we do we put it on to a
floured surface a well floured surface
okay lots of flour and then we're gonna
transfer it onto a working surface
kitchen counter the board like this okay
it's a very sticky dough but it's
supposed to be okay
now I think you'll need maybe no more
than a two or three tablespoons of flour
you flour the board you flour the the
dough a little bit and then you really
need a scraper for this you just kind of
have to fold it over a couple of times
just so you can kind of work with it you
know and this when you're done with this
which what took me like ten seconds
that's all the work there is there's
nothing else to do but just a little bit
of time so cut it into a kind of a ball
there now we're gonna put it into a bowl
now the old way used to be I think they
said to use a flowered towel it always
stuck to that so I just used parchment
paper this is perfect for this I put it
in a bowl parchment paper just drop it
into the bowl okay you cover that with a
towel and you're gonna let this sit
again on the countertop while they
haven't heats up this is going to bake
in what they call a Dutch oven like this
now you put the pot in the oven and
preheat it to 450 oh and make sure your
handle is oven safe and not plastic now
it's important that your oven be at 450
so it's really good to check it with a
thermometer because my oven takes 35
minutes yours could take even longer but
let me show you let's check it yes there
it is
450 here's the pot that I'm going to use
it's bigger
than the other one but it doesn't matter
which which size you do it in this one
also has a middle a handle so I can use
that you take it off and again
oven gloves are very helpful this is a
very very hot oven in hotpot so and I'd
mine pink just for you
all right the pots ready now here's how
the dough is going to look after that 35
minutes or so it won't necessarily
double in size but it will puff up like
that but that's okay
as it'll do beautiful stuff in this in
the hot pan here so you take the whole
thing including the parchment paper just
lift it up put it in the pot okay put
the lid back on back in the oven
and it's gonna bake or essentially steam
in there because you're creating steam
in there that's what those high-end
bakeries they have steam in their ovens
so it's creating steam 30 minutes and
it's almost done okay here it is after
30 minutes all we do now is take off the
lid and look at this like gosh and we
could get rid of the paper it'll come
right off put it back in this same pot
the nice hot pot back in the oven
uncovered for anywhere from 10 15 20
minutes even up to 30 minutes depending
how crispy you want that crusty but it's
all done so it's been 15 minutes now
without the lid let's see what it looks
like and look at this look at this is
that amazing look at it
I made this you can make this bread what
did it take like two minutes of work
three minutes of work the rest of us
just waiting time and look at this look
look
can you hear hear that listen to that
crust I'm gonna have to slice it for you
but I've got to let it cool down just a
little bit so I'll be back in about two
minutes to slice it okay it's still hot
but I have to show you but this looks
like inside this is gonna blow your mind
all right you ready I got it's still hot
to touch but listen to this look look at
this it's almost like sourdough bread
it's just amazing I told you this was
the easiest and fastest way to make this
awesome bread and for all you people
trying to eat low carb I'm sorry
this videos probably be like you know
carbohydrate porn to you you can watch
it but you can't have it